Updated LDAP docs (#939)
minio/docs: source/administration/console/security-and-access.rst

Use the the screens in this section to view, add, or edit OIDC configurations for the deployment.
MinIO supports any number of active OIDC configurations.

.. _minio-console-admin-identity-ldap:

> LDAP

Author: This Console page is fairly vague, contemplating what to add about current LDAP configuration that isn't too out of character with the rest of it.

See also https://github.com/minio/console/issues/2967

Author: The Console steps in the main LDAP page is partly an include, which could be used here as well.

Author: Keeping the anchor, but leaving this page as it is for now.

Use the the screens in this section to view, add, or edit an LDAP configuration for the deployment.
MinIO only supports one active LDAP configuration.

> MinIO queries the active Active Directory / LDAP server to verify the credentials specified by the application and optionally return a list of groups in which the user has membership. 

Reviewer: Hm. Rather than "Optionally", it's "if configured". But that is a hairy sentence.

```suggestion
MinIO queries the Active Directory / LDAP server to verify the client-specified credentials. 
MinIO also performs a group lookup on the AD/LDAP server if configured to do so.
```

Either way wasn't sure if "the active Active Directory.." was intentional. Probably a whoopsie from the before times.

> MinIO queries the active Active Directory / LDAP server to verify the credentials specified by the application and optionally return a list of groups in which the user has membership. 

Author: Hmm Ravind's suggested change _should_ have updated this. I'll see if something went weird with that.
